 Aha. Going into the Hi Naresh. Hi Sachin. Am I audible still? Yes you are audible. Sachin here, so you are, could you just like brief me about yourself and then we go from there. Sure. Good afternoon. I am Sachin Singla and I have more than 17 years of experience. I have worked extensively with automation tools like Power Platform, Microsoft Power Platform and more recently I have been leading JANIA initiatives using LLMs. I have worked with Capgemini, Accenture and currently I am with Varsity Technologies. I am also certified as Microsoft Azure AI associate and have got experience with Python programming which I have been utilizing for various rag based projects. I have experience with Amazon Bedrock, Copilot Studio, Azure AI Foundry and I have worked with agent-take AI tools like LandGraph and QAI for creating agents. I have worked in agile environments and I am also CSM certified. I have worked with Promflow and currently I am responsible for the various JANIA use cases in my organization. That is a bit brief about it. Okay, so Sachin, could you tell me if I have to create an enterprise grade, enterprise grade genitiv chatbot and it should be secure, right? So how will you design it end to end? Well, in case of enterprise what we usually go is suppose whatever is the cloud provider for example AWS or Azure those providers are already onboarded to the client. So those providers are already providing the JANIA different applications like solutions. So we will utilize those for example in Azure AI Foundry. We already have the Azure say if you want to utilize the enterprise environment we will be utilizing those Azure based say role based access. So depending on the different roles we will onboard the different users and accordingly whatever access has to be given we will give it accordingly. Whether it is Azure or AWS. So it depends what we are looking for. What cloud providers already there. Okay, so like I have Azure as a cloud provider and I want to enterprise grade JANIA chatbot being developed and it utilize the domain specific documents, right? So what will be the end to end architecture we will design? So in case of Azure it is already providing multiple say like avenues are there for example we have the Azure Co-Pilot Studio wherein we can it's more of if it's direct say documents where no lot of say prompting is to be done. It's a PDF document. So what we can do is we can whether it's the Co-Pilot Studio or for example separately they have the Azure AI Foundry. So what we do is we create we can create different projects in the Foundry and as per say different whatever is the project we create a separate project for it. We will kind of allocate different AI resources for example the Azure AI Search is there for the storage we have the Blob Storage. So whenever we are developing that particular project what we do is if the data is to be looked into so we will upload that particular data into the Blob Storage. And what we also do is the data gets stored into gets converted into Azure like the embeddings vector embeddings and it's stored in the Blob Storage. So whenever we are doing a search so the user is doing a search will kind of look into that Blob Storage vector embeddings and do a similarity search. So whatever is the matching say details from the documents is like extracted it will pass on to the LLM for example whether it's OpenAI LLM or whatever model we are using it will pass it on to the LLM and finally the LLM will send it back in a presentable format. So that's a bit on our board. So basically we are utilizing the Azure AI Foundry. Okay so how will you secure this application? So when we have the Azure AI Foundry we have different tools whether it's the owner or user and we kind of onboard different like people from our organization to that particular role. So only people who have that role they are able to access the application other people are not kind of able to access it. But if it's only public domain like you are exposing your application to the internet so how will you secure that? Anyone can access right? There is no RBAC will work on that. So in that particular case what we can do is we can have that domain name like exposure like what domain names we want to get where from where we can access the particular application. So if you want to expose to like public as a public site. Okay so what are the ways like we secure our application on public domain? So like either it's when you say secure either we have the say rule based there also what we do is as per the we are able to the user is kind of logging into the application and based on the user roles we can give access like whatever is the role of the user. Okay so if there is a prompt injection happen to my application so how will you secure my prompts? So what happens is as part of Azure the whole offering it already has that check in the beginning wherein Azure is checking what kind of prompts are going on to the LLM. So whether it's we are injecting something or it's kind of the whatever the prompt that the user is passing on it has some violent content or unethical content it will kind of flag it off that is already inbuilt in as part of the Azure offering. So before it actually goes to LLM so it's already checked by Azure but separately what we can also do is whatever the user is prompting we can put a separate check wherein the prompt is separately checked for whether there's a injection or violent content or anything like that. So it will have to be designed it. How will you design this? So basically what we'll do is we'll pass on like whatever the prompt is getting received we'll pass on to say we'll have to build in a separate say offering of say either it's a Python program wherein we are checking what the content is like we'll use an NLP for example wherein it's checking what kind of content it is. So basically it's whether it's harmful content or violent content or what kind of content it is. So like your architecture will look like you are then once you get the return from your Python program then what is the next step like you will send it and how will you check it what was the Python program is doing so I just want to know like end to end. So you have various Python libraries for example. That's fine like you can use that. Okay. But like how will you so it's an API right or it's just a Python code you are just calling. How will you integrate that. So for example in Azure we are also having the prompt flow wherein in such cases we are wanting to add some extra content or like extra functionality to our program. So what we do is we'll create a particular prompt wherein it will kind of first is just like the function calling it's going to kind of run that Python program wherein it will check whether there's some issue with the prompt or not and then we'll pass on to the LLM. So as part of the Azure AI we have that AI prompt flow like wherein we can design the prompt. It's like an agent AI right wherein the prompt is first passed on to the Python program will kind of check then will pass on if everything is okay then go on to the next step wherein it's going to the LLM. You mentioned like the Python program has we have inbuilt libraries and all. So how will you how will that those libraries will classify those things. So what is the thresholding will you choose and how will you tune those those thresholding. See for me if I send some prompt for me your your code is giving like this is bias. This is having some kind of issues. Okay. But it's not been a case. So how will you design that right. Like it's not okay like we can send for Python program and the Python program come with that but it's not that much harmful content right. So how will you tune that what kind of libraries are like you you are thinking to utilize it. So so this is more of a classification program like a problem wherein what we do generally is we already most of the cases whenever we go for this classification based problems. We already have say the kind of whole database kind of wherein there's a text and we classify it. What kind of text is it and we already have models in it like already built in. For example we can pick up some model from hugging face which already has that classification done and if we want to kind of kind of fine tune it to our liking. So we already have some say prompts given and we like this is a prompt. This is whether we are classifying it as harmful or not harmful or what kind of content it is. So we'll have to train a model like not the LLM model a separate ML program like wherein we'll be kind of training it. So once when we say the Python program is running and checking we'll kind of like check it through that machine learning model whatever we've kind of trained. So it's more about training. How will you integrate this into the flow with prompt flow right. You have the prompt flow working it is fetching the data it is sharing the queries to the LLM. How will you integrate this API with the prompt flow API. So this one will kind of what we'll do is we'll. This program will be running before say the LLM right. So we'll have to kind of make a function call like we'll have to design it as a function call wherein the prompt is getting transferred like the Python program runs and it kind of run that particular model which is kind of classifying it. So it'll run that function and we'll get a result back. What kind of problem this particular like OK so what is the day to day issues we face in prompt flow. Do you think prompt flow is the good service for measure. Well. Depending on what kind of challenge it is so it's more of evolving prompt flow is like coming recently few months so it's more of. They're giving that agentic AI touch to it so it all depends on what kind of use case it is. It's a simple use case we may go for a copilot kind of solution if it's a complex one we go for prompt flow and again it will be on a case to case basis. And how prompt flow work. Prompt flow is kind of so in Azure AI Foundry what we are doing is we are kind of designing the workflow. So what it does is the particular triggers wherein. The prompt flow is kind of triggered like there's a just like an agentic AI. Once we have a trigger there's an input coming in it kind of check what kind of say prompt it is it'll get a result then it'll go to the second prompt flow like which is a LLM. Wherein we ask in the LLM what kind of say the result we want like the user is asking look for this in the document. This is that we get a result back and we just kind of finally passed on to the application back. So sometimes I go to prompt flow errors and issues like prompt flow is not. Not this time out errors or sometimes there are some kind of. Like response or delay or response out errors. So there is some like my prompt flow for example I designed application where it is calling the LLM. So how was the concept of calling the LLMs through prompt flow and how these errors these are frequently seen errors like when a general architect designs some kind of this. He knew that these things will come up later and he knew beforehand like if this comes up these issues comes up I have a plan B. So do you face any kind of challenges. Yes so whenever we are having the LLM based solutions the time out error is the first one like so it kind of always time out. So we'll have to increase that time so that once the result is received like this ample time for the LLM to respond because depending on the type of prompt whether it's a small prompt or the large prompt. The time is going to increase so accordingly we'll have to kind of take care of those response delays. So there is like one error tokens out of memory so how a solution architect will solutionize this kind of issue comes up and why this kind of issues come. So when we say out of memory like this is more about when we are sending a lot of tokens and the input is kind of like if we say 1536 tokens and we are passing out more say or as per the LLM it is kind of 8000 tokens which is to be sent and we send more than that say 10,000 12,000. So the size is more that is why we need to make sure whenever we are passing the prompt like the tokens number of tokens is as per whatever the model we have chosen like whether it's going to kind of able to consume those tokens or not. So we need to make sure that we are not passing more tokens than are kind of allowed by our model. That is like you when we are sending right but when we are receiving from the model also right sometime we still get this kind of errors so why we are getting those errors. So whenever we are getting the error like what we need to make sure is we'll have to design our prompt in such a way that we tell that the response should not exceed this particular limit. So what happens is if you also have that like time limit that per minute these many tokens can be. There is a concept of TPM. Yeah tokens per minute. So what is that like tokens per minute right. So what is that. So how it plays a role in here. So whenever we are like allocating a particular model like what it does is in addition to the tokens that can be sent there also token limit per minute like tokens per minute. So it is there so that we there's a check to on the cost part right. So if we increase the tokens per minute there's very much chance that like the tokens increase and the cost accordingly will increase a lot. So as per our project we need to be sure that this is the maximum token limit I need to keep so that our cost do not kind of rise exponentially and end of the day we get into a shock. So I have a chatbot and I got the I got a scenario from the business that this chatbot 80 percent of the data is accessible to everyone but 20 percent of the data is not accessible. But since I created the chatbot I created the embeddings already. How I can handle this scenario. So in this case what we can also do is whenever we are handling the chatbot we are like creating the embeddings we can create certain tags to it so that whenever we are kind of inquiring back we have those tags. So we can utilize those tags whenever we are doing the vector search like like that like this search. So is this solution is feasible solution like is this kind of implementation is available in any cloud service. So this will have to be kind of done separately in a way that say whenever we creating the embeddings say. Since you see embedding is created for 100 percent data already. So if how I can insert those user tags because as far as I know those services don't have this kind of functionality but I just want to know your perspective like how where you want to include introduce those user tags. So what we can do is we can create a separate database which is just documents plus whatever is the tag attached to that say what we do is during the embedding time we will kind of convert those documents into various chunks. So the chunks will be having that tag attached to it. So it's kind of just chunk tag. So it will have a kind of list listed separately in a separate database. So whenever we are doing the search. From the query side I am querying it's on the public domain right. When it's on public domain the user sessions we can control but we can't control user ID so we can control it and I just want to know from that perspective. So this is a global it is a scalable architecture for me. How will you handle this scenario in this kind of scenario. It's not internal it's external. Okay so if it's external and again that will have to be thought about in terms of say a separate again we'll have to think innovatively and kind of add some extra say that check layer which is not exactly coming into my mind right now. But it would be something. My last question is like when you deploy your application to the to any client architecture right. So my question here is like sorry. Okay so my question here is like. When you deploy like you told me solution from the from the US side like from the portal side. But when you deploy anything to any client or any any thing they have their own topologies. So what is the best ways to create architecture so that it is directly getting sitting into their networks. So from portal side do you think like this is the best way of creating architecture or there's another ways we do usually do. So when you say portal side I either whenever we are doing this using the US side also if you want to deploy it say on teams on a set or on a certain portal. What a separate boiler code is provided to us which we can kind of integrate into that application. So if it's a chat bot a separate that code is available we'll add it to the application. You are using multiple resources multiple there be nets subnets everything is involved in that kind of scenarios. I am thinking from that angle because when you move that structure from your portals to what kind of issues have you seen or this you think like this is the scalable way of doing the doing the migration. Migrations or developments to the is the scalable the architecture is scalable from your point of view if you use a portal and use a boiler code. So in that particular case we might not be able to use that RBAC if we are using that boiler code. We will not be able to use that RBAC say role based access. So it will be more of a whenever we have a generic say application wherein the documents can be searched by anyone. So that can be definitely be deployed but in case we want a public site and role based access then the boilerplate code cannot be kind of deployed. So we'll have to in that particular case we'll have to think of something else. Okay. Yes, I have the like my questions are done. So do you have any questions you can. So what projects or what challenges are we trying to solve here in this as part of general rule. Okay, so like this role is around generative architecture and we have a lot of clients which need someone who create the architecture end to end and it should be at the enterprise level should scalable to like you know this. That's I already mentioned to the public domain. Okay. And it's contained a lot of other things so he should have a deeper understanding of how any cloud like say WS Azure works and how the data science on the other hand work and how the securities. So we are looking for a person who is deep into these three things on the security as you any cloud provider or the knowledge of data science so three things. Okay. And that's the requirement around this particular. Yeah, I don't have any further questions. Yes. Okay, so you have any question. No, I'm good. Thanks. Thanks for attending this and yes, I will share you the feedback. So it goes and then we can take it forward. Okay. Sure. Okay, thanks for them. Thank you. Security and